# README

All relevant code related to programming is included.

For a more detailed project and task description see [Project.md](Project.md).

# Directory structure

- [Quarto-Files](Quarto-Files): includes all .qmd files.
- [Rendered](Quarto-Files/Rendered): includes all rendered .qmd files, standard is pdf, docx, and commonmark. Note, for some files only commommark is generated due to the long rendering time necessary. If, in any case the format .html is needed, it can be generated too.
- [R-Scripts](R-Scripts): includes all .R files, usually Functions.R and qmd_rendering.R.
- [Input](Input): includes all input necessary to run the .qmd files.
- [Output](Output): includes all output, i.e. [plots](Output/Plots), [tables](Output/Tables), specifically saved to the respective folders.
- [Supplementary-Files](Supplementary-Files): includes all relevant documentation and other files.

# Data

- Original zipped data is located here: N:\ext_Projekte\PROJECTNAME\30_Daten\
- Data what is worked with is located here: '//int.wsr.at/Nabu/ohne_Backup/PROJECTNAME/
    - Note, format is parquet/arrow to speed up reading and writing the data.
	
# Files relevant to programming

All relevant work is done using quarto.

- [LoadData](Quarto-Files/Rendered/LoadData/LoadData.md): converts data from various formats to .arrow or .parquet for efficiency, this script is usually run only once at the beginning.
- [DataPreparation](Quarto-Files/Rendered/DataPreparation/DataPreparation.md): the script does all data preparation before one can run the analysis.
- [Visualisation](Quarto-Files/Rendered/Visualisation/Visualisation.md): the script does the descriptive visualisation of the available data.
- [Analysis](Quarto-Files/Rendered/Analysis/Analysis.md): includes all code relevant for the analysis.
- [AI-Summary](Quarto-Files/Rendered/AI-Summary/AI-Summary.md): includes a summary of the results generated by AI.